📝 Add RTKQ typescript error handling section (#1871)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/rtk-query/usage-with-typescript.mdx

  return <div>...</div>
}
```

## Type safe error handling

When an error is gracefully provided from a [`base query`](./api/createApi.mdx#baseQuery), RTK query will provide the error

> directly. If an unexpected error is thrown by user code rather than a graceful handled error,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly. If an unexpected error is thrown by user code rather than a handled error,
```

> that error will be transformed into a `SerializedError` shape. Users should ensure that they are checking which
> kind of error they are dealing with prior to attempting to access it's properties. This can be done in a type safe manner either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that error will be transformed into a `SerializedError` shape. Users should make sure that they are checking which kind of error they are dealing with before attempting to access its properties. This can be done in a type safe manner either
```

or using a [type predicate](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/narrowing.html#using-type-predicates).

When using [`fetchBaseQuery`](./api/fetchBaseQuery.mdx), as your base query,
errors will be of type `FetchBaseQueryError | SerializedError`. The specific shapes of those types can be seen below.

```ts title="FetchBaseQueryError type"
export type FetchBaseQueryError =
  | {
      /**
       * * `number`:
       *   HTTP status code
       */
      status: number
      data: unknown
    }
  | {
      /**
       * * `"FETCH_ERROR"`:
       *   An error that occurred during execution of `fetch` or the `fetchFn` callback option
       **/
      status: 'FETCH_ERROR'
      data?: undefined
      error: string
    }
  | {
      /**
       * * `"PARSING_ERROR"`:
       *   An error happened during parsing.
       *   Most likely a non-JSON-response was returned with the default `responseHandler` "JSON",
       *   or an error occurred while executing a custom `responseHandler`.
       **/
      status: 'PARSING_ERROR'
      originalStatus: number
      data: string
      error: string
    }
  | {
      /**
       * * `"CUSTOM_ERROR"`:

>        *   A custom error type that you can return from your `fetchFn` where another error might not make sense.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       *   A custom error type that you can return from your `queryFn` where another error might not make sense.
```
Uh-oh. I think I messed that up :sweat_smile: 
Could you please also update that in the comment it came from?

Author: done & done

       **/
      status: 'CUSTOM_ERROR'
      data?: unknown
      error: string
    }
```

```ts title="SerializedError type"
export interface SerializedError {
  name?: string
  message?: string
  stack?: string
  code?: string
}
```

### Error result example

When using `fetchBaseQuery`, the `error` property returned from a hook will have the type `FetchBaseQueryError | SerializedError | undefined`.
If an error is present, you can access error properties after narrowing the type to either `FetchBaseQueryError` or `SerializedError`.

```tsx
import { api } from './services/api'

function PostDetail() {
  const { data, error, isLoading } = usePostsQuery()

  if (isLoading) {
    return <div>Loading...</div>
  }

  if (error) {
    if ('status' in error) {
      // you can access all properties of `FetchBaseQueryError` here
      const errMsg = 'error' in err ? err.error : JSON.stringify(err.data)

      return (
        <div>
          <div>An error has occurred:</div>
          <div>{errMsg}</div>
        </div>
      )
    }

> 
>     // you can access all properties of `SerializedError` here
>     return <div>{error.message}</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    else {
        // you can access all properties of `SerializedError` here
        return <div>{error.message}</div>
    }
```
technically not necessary, but I'd add it for clarity - people might skim over the `return` above.
